Husband
Are you
Jian Dao?
What's wrong?
It's only been a month
You don't recognize me anymore?
No, before you weren't
Didn't you just lose a bit of weight?
Did I hear wrong?
If this is Mrs. Zhang
then who is...
this body, this face
is so much more beautiful than hers
It's not just a little more
It's truly worlds apart
How could she possibly be
that fat Jian Dao
She must be an imposter
I'm not Mrs. Zhang,
but she certainly isn't Mrs. Zhang either
She might just be an actress hired by Jian Dao
to help her save face
Is this true or not?
This is
the Jian real estate transfer contract
May I ask,
who else but the real Mrs. Zhang
could bring this out?
Are you really Jian Dao?
Give me the contract
Are you crazy?
Wen Xu,
I wanted to surprise you
Transfer the shares to you as agreed
What a pity
You've really disappointed me
Wen Xu, are you alright?
Secretary Jiang,
mind your position
Don't overstep your bounds